DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

CONTENT OF THE OFFER
The author assumes no liability for the topicality, correctness
and completeness of the content provided in this asset or
on the Unity Asset Store. Liability claims against the author, 
which refer to material or immaterial damage caused by the use 
or non-use of the content provided or by the use of incorrect 
and incomplete content, are fundamentally excluded, unless 
the author can be proved that it was intentional or grossly negligent.
All offers are non-binding. The author expressly reserves the 
right to change, supplement or delete parts of the content or the 
entire offer or to temporarily or permanently cease publication 
without prior notice.

REFERENCES AND LINKS
In the case of direct or indirect references to external websites 
(“hyperlinks”) that are outside the author's area of ​​responsibility, 
a liability obligation would only come into force if the author 
was aware of the content and it was technically possible and reasonable
for him to prevent use in the event of illegal content.
The author hereby expressly declares that at the time of linking, 
no illegal content was discernible on the linked pages. The author 
has no influence on the current and future design, content or authorship
of the linked pages. He therefore hereby expressly distances himself 
from all content on all linked / connected pages that were changed 
after the link was created. This statement applies to all links and 
references set within the Unity Asset Store, the author's website, the content of this asset
as well as to third-party entries in guest books, discussion forums, 
link directories, mailing  lists and all other forms of databases set up by 
the author, the content of which can be accessed externally. For illegal, incorrect 
or incomplete content and in particular for damage resulting from the use or non-use of 
information provided in this way, the provider of the page to which reference 
is made is solely liable, not the one who merely refers to the respective 
publication via links.

SPAM MAILS
The use of contact data such as postal addresses, telephone
and fax numbers and email addresses published in the imprint or comparable
information by third parties to send so-called spam mails is not permitted. 
Legal steps against the senders of spam mails in violation of this 
prohibition are expressly reserved.